feat: move tasks to workers (#689)
callstack/haul: docs/Configuration.md

- `manifestPath?: string` - Absolute path to manifest for an external (pre-built) bundle, if `dll` is `true`.
- `assetsPath?: string` - Absolute or relative path pointing to where assets for an external (pre-built) bundle are stored. If relative, it will be joined with `path.dirname(bundlePath)`.
- `copyBundle?: boolean` - Whether to copy bundle, source map and assets of an external (pre-built) bundle to output directory.

> - `maxWorkers?: number` - Number of workers used to transpile modules by Babel loader. For `ram-bundle` workers are used also for the minification. Defaults to the number of the CPUs - 1. Default is limited to 7 on CI, as the number of CPUs happen to be not correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `maxWorkers?: number` - Number of workers used to transpile modules by out Babel loader. For `ram-bundle` workers are used also for the minification. Defaults to the number of the CPUs - 1 on local machine, but is limited to `7` on CI, as the number of CPUs can happen to be incorrect.
```
